No
I just like to say from all of us at
Frank maligning promotions a very merry
christmas and a very happy new year and
we're looking forward to 2010 have a
nice Christmas all my I've changed or
none on the general manager after Miss
Boulter not for sure that person I'm
Debbie
Merry Christmas answers all day Oh Andy
I'll do the video in the websites and
I'd like to wish upon the merry
Christmas to make the information right
to everyone at David celebrates
christmas happy christmas and a very
happy you make this blissful Jason Blum
make sure I want to carry on women and
get some new tiles behind man then I'll
be roll up through that like this one
merry christmas and a happy new year for
me Tony Jeffries a best wishes to
everyone in the boxing world and
hopefully next year I'll keep me winner
one and a do better than this merry
Christmas to everybody out there in
boxing under the viewing public from Jim
Eagle much make it a Franklin in ft and
promotions than 18 points 110 all in
favor of your winner and still european
super bantamweight champion randall
two-tone one row
big big merry Christmas to everyone all
my fans out there obviously I'm gonna be
able to go Christmas till I will
obviously taking my belt so polish them
and asking them you will be gonna get
you next year we're gonna get a new
world champion
when the bus
right
fuck
I merry christmas and happy new year
from me Tony Jeffries and all FTM
promotions hopefully next year by the
end of next year this is ryan r-wis
never Aaliyah merry christmas and happy
new year families
yo ho ho this has to everyone and below
the viewership and we gotta do this
stuff this year merry christmas and a
happy new year for me Tony Jeffries and
all at the end promotions hopefully by
later next year we find for some song
title best wishes and good
this is a message from david price UK
heavyweight and frankel only was really
good merry Christmas from Tom Dallas in
2010 I just want to say I defeated see
how it goes about 35 for 12 hello merry
christmas my name's Martin Welsh
welterweights and defeated next year I'm
i prefer titles and dates merry
Christmas to us this is a message for
all you fight fans out there in the UK
and David Price Hong defeated every
prospect of a great christmas and the
fantastic 2010 this is lily the most
famous goblin bothersome facebook page
me
we're here to wish you a merry christmas
happy
too bad
me
you